{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 AdobeHebrew-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww19320\viewh16260\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-1446\sl288\slmult1

\f0\fs24 \cf0 1. From today's post-Alto point of view\uc0\u8237 , \u8236 screen shots of the Alto UI show a curious mix of modernity and crudity\u8237 . \u8236 What's present are all the logical components of GUIs as we know them\u8237  \u8236 \u8238 \'97\u8236 \u8237  \u8236 icons\u8237 , \u8236 windows\u8237 , \u8236 scrollbars\u8237 , \u8236 sliders\u8237 , \u8236 and the like\u8237 . \u8236 The main GUI element missing\u8237 , \u8236 in fact\u8237 , \u8236 is the pull-down menu\u8237  (\u8236 introduced by the Apple Lisa in 1979\u8237 ). \u8236 What's missing\u8237 , \u8236 most conspicuously\u8237 , \u8236 is colour\u8237 . \u8236 Also\u8237 , \u8236 the pseudo-3D sculptural effects of modern GUI buttons and other impedimenta are missing\u8237 ; \u8236 the widgets are flat outline boxes\u8237 ,\u8236 \u8237  \u8236 and the whole resembles nothing so much as an etch-a-sketch drawing of a modern interface\u8237 . \u8236 It's a little sobering to reflect that most of what we have learned to add to GUIs since 1973\u8237  \u8236 is eye candy\u8237 .\u8236 \
\
2. Figure 2.6\uc0\u8237 . \u8236 The Xerox Star\u8237  (\u8236 1981\u8237 ).\u8236 \
\
3. Figure 2.7\uc0\u8237 . \u8236 Screen shot from a Star\u8237  (\u8236 1981\u8237 ).\u8236  The Star interface pioneered the desktop metaphor that would be ubiquitous in later GUIs\u8237 .\u8236 \
\
4. Figure 2.8\uc0\u8237 . \u8236 Kickstart on the Amiga 1000\u8237  (\u8236 1985\u8237 )\u8236 \
\
5. Figure 2.9\uc0\u8237 . \u8236 Early version of the Macintosh Finder\u8237  (\u8236 1985\u8237 ).\u8236 \
\
6. Figure 2.10\uc0\u8237 . \u8236 Windows 1.0\u8237  (\u8236 1985\u8237 ).\u8236 \
\
7. In 2002\uc0\u8237  \u8236 Netscape were the first ones to add tabs to their browser\u8237 . \u8236 It aloud users to have a few pages open\u8237 , \u8236 on one browser instead of having a dozen browsers open because of this they were able to have more control over them\u8237 .\u8236 \
\
8. In January 2003\uc0\u8237  \u8236 Opera came out with their version\u8237 , \u8236 of\u8237   \u8236 the tab\u8237 , \u8236 on the browser\u8237 .  \u8236 It was the same concept as the Netscape version\u8237 . \u8236 It just wasn't clear how to open a new tab\u8237 .\u8236 \
\
9. Two years later they added the\uc0\u8237  "\u8236 new page\u8237 " \u8236 button and the\u8237  "\u8236 x\u8237 " \u8236 button which aloud users to understand how to open and close each tab separately\u8237 . \u8236 \
\
10. A month later Netscape came out with the x button but with out the red bounding box around the x\uc0\u8237 . \u8236 Also instead of writing\u8237  "\u8236 open\u8237  \u8236 page\u8237 " \u8236 the used a\u8237  + \u8236 sign to represent the opening of a new tab\u8237 .\u8236 \
\
11. By 2006\uc0\u8237  \u8236 Explorer made it even simpler there were not extra symbols\u8237 , \u8236 only the new page creeping out behind the open page\u8237 . \u8236 It was\u8237  \u8236 clear to users to click on it to open a new page\u8237 .\u8236 \
\
12. At the same time Fire fox were way behind of the new way of presenting the tab and were still using the x with the red bounding\uc0\u8237  \u8236 box\u8237 .\u8236 \
\
13. Safari continued the same streak as Netscape using the\uc0\u8237  + \u8236 and the x symbol to open and close a page\u8237 .\u8236 \
\
14. When Chrome came out with the tabs they used the\uc0\u8237  + \u8236 and X buttons and also wrote inside the new tab\u8237  "\u8236 new tab\u8237 " \u8236 where you hadn't started searching the web and in the tabs that you had started searching they wrote the title of the web page you are looking at\u8237 , \u8236 so you were able to be more organised with your tabs and know which tab is which\u8237 .\u8236 \
\
15. In 2009\uc0\u8237  \u8236 Explorer made the tab bar more mellow\u8237 . \u8236 it blended more with the tool bar\
\
16. In 2009\uc0\u8237  \u8236 Chrome moved the new tab page onto the left of the open tabs from the right\
\
17. In 2009\uc0\u8237  \u8236 Firefox changed the colouring or the tabs and the symbols\u8237 . \u8236 They added blue to the open tab to make it more visible that that one is open\u8237 . \u8236 the symbols became more\u8237   \u8236 dominant the x was filled with red and the\u8237  + \u8236 was filled with green\u8237 . \u8236 For start and stop\u8237 .\u8236 \
\
18.in sep 2009\uc0\u8237  \u8236 Opera completely changes how the tab used to look like\u8237 . \u8236 it now had a tool bar of its own\u8237 . \u8236 the open bar was a light brown and the symbol of the open page was no longer written\u8237 . \u8236 They started using the\u8237  + \u8236 button like everyone else and had a condensed tab bar under it in a darker grey\
\
19. In November of 2009\uc0\u8237  \u8236 the tabs were changed again\u8237 . \u8236 instead of the condensed tool bar they changed it to an arrow with a circle inside\u8237 , \u8236 to show the direction of where the new tab would go\u8237 . \u8236 \
\
20. In 2010\uc0\u8237   \u8236 firefox completely shredded all the extra info that was not needed on the tool bar\u8237 . \u8236 \
\
21.  In 2010\uc0\u8237  \u8236 Opera went back to the original design with the\u8237  + \u8236 signs\u8237 . \u8236 They also added blue to the design instead of the grey that they had used since the beginning\
\
22. Safari in 2010\uc0\u8237  \u8236 moved their tab bar from the top of the screen\
\
23. Half a year later from when they had come out\uc0\u8237   \u8236 they changed it once again\u8237 . \u8236 The whole tool bar was made smaller by half the size\u8237 .\u8236 \u8237  \u8236 it gave the browser a more delicate look\u8237 . \u8236 They also added their logo onto the corner of the tab\u8237 .\u8236 \
\
24. A year later explorer made the tool bar a lot smaller\uc0\u8237 . \u8236 All the icons became very minimalistic\u8237 . \u8236 The search bar and tabs were all\u8237  \u8236 put onto one tool bar\u8237 .\u8236 \
\
25. in the same month as explorer firefox came out with a similar design for the tool bar\uc0\u8237 . \u8236 is also became very minimalistic\u8237 , \u8236 but instead of only having one bar they stayed with two\u8237 .\u8236 \
\
26. Operas way of the tool bar completely went the other way\uc0\u8237 , \u8236 from the rest of the browsers\u8237 . \u8236 Adding a lot of extra icons and buttons to press\u8237 . \u8236 Although the tabs stayed very similar\u8237 , \u8236 only change was the enlargement of them and slight colouring change\u8237 .\u8236 \
\
27. Only a few months later Opera realised they made a mistake by adding a huge amount of icons\uc0\u8237 . \u8236 once again they were forced to change to tool bar and minimise everything\u8237 . \u8236 The tabs stayed quite similar\u8237 , \u8236 except for the logo onto the tab tool that was removed\u8237 .\u8236 \
\
28.In september Chrome made the tabs bigger with a similar colour fade\uc0\u8237 , \u8236 of a picture\u8237 , \u8236 as the tabs that were on top\u8237 .\u8236 \
\
29. While Opera took off their logo on the tabs Fire ox added theirs\uc0\u8237 . \u8236 the made the Tabs just as big as the tool bar\u8237 .\u8236 \
\
30. The only change on chrome in 2013\uc0\u8237  \u8236 was taking off the\u8237  + \u8236 sign on the new tabs\
\
31.\
\
32. Two months later the took off their logo from the tabs\uc0\u8237 . \u8236 \
\
33. Opera changed the\uc0\u8237  + \u8236 sign to white and had no bounding box around it\u8237 .\u8236 \
}